Change Elasticseach support and upgrade process (#253)
artefactual/archivematica-docs: admin-manual/maintenance/maintenance.rst

* :ref:`Elasticsearch <elasticsearch>`

  * :ref:`Rebuild the indexes <elasticsearch-indexes>`
  * :ref:`External access <elasticsearch-external>`

* :ref:`Data backup <data-backup>`
* :ref:`FAQ <admin-faq>`

.. _elasticsearch:

Maintaining Elasticsearch
-------------------------

> Since version 0.9, Archivematica uses Elasticsearch as its search engine. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 0.9, Archivematica uses Elasticsearch as its search engine. Elasticsearch
```

> stores information for the AIPs and the Transers in backlog. This data can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stores information about AIPs and Transfers in backlog. This data can be
```

> searched from the Archival Storage and the Backlog areas of the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
searched from the Archival Storage and the Backlog tabs on the Archivematica dashboard.
```

.. note::
   As of Archivematica 1.7, this feature can be :ref:`fully or partially
   disabled <install-elasticsearch>`.

.. seealso::

  `Elasticsearch troubleshooting`_ help from AtoM documentation.

.. _elasticsearch-indexes:

Rebuild the indexes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Archivematica includes two Django commands to regenerate the Elasticsearch

> indexes. This commands require access in the local filesystem to the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indexes. These commands require access in the local filesystem to the location
```

> paths of the AIP and Transfer Backlog storage locations. Respectively, these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
paths of the AIP and Transfer Backlog storage locations. These
```

usually are located in the following paths:

* :file:`/var/archivematica/sharedDirectory/www/AIPsStore`
* :file:`/var/archivematica/sharedDirectory/www/AIPsStore/transferBacklog`

> You should confirm the paths of your installation in the Location tab of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should confirm the paths of your installation in the Locations tab of the
```

Storage Service.

.. _aip-indexes:

**AIP indexes**

To recreate the AIP indexes from files run the following command, passing the
path of the AIP storage location you confirmed above.

.. note::

>    Please notice, the execution of this command may take a long time for big

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please note, the execution of this command may take a long time for big
```

>    AIP storage locations, specially if the AIPs are stored compressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   AIP storage locations, especially if the AIPs are stored compressed.
```

       cd /usr/share/archivematica/dashboard
       /usr/share/archivematica/virtualenvs/archivematica-dashboard/bin/python \
           manage.py rebuild_elasticsearch_aip_index_from_files \
               /var/archivematica/sharedDirectory/www/AIPsStoree --delete-all
   ";

The command accepts the following parameters:

* `[storage_location_path]` **[REQUIRED]**: Path where the AIP storage location
  is located in the local filesystem.
* `--delete-all`: Removes the entire indexes to regenerate the mapping and
  settings.
* `--delete`: Removes matching AIP documents to avoid duplicates but keeps the
  index mappings and settings.
* `--uuid` [aip_uuid]: Index a single AIP from the storage location.

It can be executed multiple times with different paths to index multiple AIP
storage locations.

.. _transfer-indexes:

**Transfer indexes**

To regenerate the Transfers indexes, apart from access to the storage location,
the command checks the transfer and transfer files existence in the Dashboard
database. The indexes will be fully recreated with the current settings and
mappings and populated with the Transfers from the location. Execution example:

.. note::

>    Please notice, the execution of this command may take a long time for big

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please note, the execution of this command may take a long time for big
```

   Transfer Backlog storage locations.

.. code:: bash

   sudo -u archivematica bash -c " \
       set -a -e -x
       source /etc/default/archivematica-dashboard || \
           source /etc/sysconfig/archivematica-dashboard \
               || (echo 'Environment file not found'; exit 1)
       cd /usr/share/archivematica/dashboard
       /usr/share/archivematica/virtualenvs/archivematica-dashboard/bin/python \
           manage.py rebuild_transfer_backlog
   ";

The command accepts the following parameters:

* `--transfer-backlog-dir [storage_location_path]`: Path where the Transfer
  Backlog storage location is located in the local filesystem. *Default:*
  `/var/archivematica/sharedDirectory/www/AIPsStore/transferBacklog`.
* `--no-prompt`: Do not ask for confirmation.

.. _elasticsearch-external:

External access
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For further interactions with the Elasticsearch indexes, to browse the data or
to create visualizations, the following tools are recommended:

* `Kibana`_
* `Dejavu`_

> The indexes names are: `aips`, `aipfiles`, `transfers` and `transferfiles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The index names are: `aips`, `aipfiles`, `transfers` and `transferfiles`.
```
